Before we go any further,
I want to review a new feature that's new in Python 3.7, Dataclasses.
Dataclasses are useful syntactical shortcut for quickly
building objects that are only meant to represent data of some kind.
Dataclasses simply contain typed fields and that's it.
They typically do not have any functions other than
helper functions or for serialization or deserialization.
They're quick to write and provide a better alternative to using Python dictionaries.
Let's review an example.
You may have noticed code that looked like this in previous exercises or demonstrations.
This code simply states that purchase is a class which is only meant to represent data.
We declare the class may have a string username and a string currency,
as well as an amount which is an integer.
Notice we've provided defaults here.
So if I simply instantiate a purchase,
I'll get a default username,
currency, and amount as empty string,
empty string, and zero. Well, this is neat.
What does this give us relative to a plain Python object?
First, it defines the expected types for the fields.
Second, dataclasses come with a number of useful functions
for simple serialization and deserialization such as as Dict.
Beyond this, dataclasses can be marked as frozen.
To indicate that instances of the class are immutable.
Well, practically speaking as immutable as anything in Python could ever really be.
When working with files data,
it's a good idea to try and use dataclasses when you can,
and makes it clear that the structure you expect your data to be in and it
also helps reduce boilerplate code with package functions like as Dict.